As a forecasting analyst at Apple, responsible for the company’s iPhone revenue forecasts. I produce forecasts for the next four quarters for Apple’s iPhone revenue, which are included in the company’s quarterly earnings presentation. I have the history of iPhone revenue, iPhone units, and iPhone releases. I produce forecasts for each quarter of 2024. I also model the quarterly unit volume to estimate missing values, as my team accidentally deleted the file with the recent data. The average selling price is estimated based on my estimate for the unit volume (average selling price = sales / units).

I produce what I believe are my best forecasts. My best model may be a unidirectional model, or a regression model that uses my unit or sales price estimates. I defend my methodology and present it to the Board of Directors (class) and the CEO (you).

Additionally, I produce forecasts assuming (1) a 10% decline in average selling price and (2) a 10% increase in average selling price in order to provide market scenarios.

I present my forecasts at the next Board of Directors meeting (class on 3/27). My presentation includes overviews of the data that I utilize, any assumptions I make with the data, a walkthrough of the methodologies I evaluate, and the final model selected for my best forecasts. I also present the sensitivity analysis on the ±10% scenarios with regard to the average selling price, which also requires a walkthrough of the methodology and an overview of the selected model and forecast.
